Hi everyone here is the reads well with
you
on Wednesday takes the band
demonstrated a new process for
improve game equipment
called infusion
in this process you use a weapon or
armor as material to improve
another weapon or another ripe one or
Pa pa the equipment you want
to improve you use other equipment
that you do not want any more than in this
process has some rules to be
followed is not any weapon or any
how hard I can use in
first, the process is irreversible
after you use the infusion you
You will not be able to go back
he does not touch the ports of his
equipment the only thing that will change
is the attack was a weapon and the defense if it is
an armature and also the inclusion only
serves the equipment of the 2nd year and
means that your favorite weapons of the
crystal chamber house protas chamber
wolves and even the record galley do not
will benefit from this process
it will not be just the weapons and armor that
will be able to go through the
infusion ghosts and class items like
covers votes brands will also be able
be improved
the infusion icon is just below the
icon that shows the type of weapon damage
the screen will show the requirements for
that you can make an infusion
here the process rules and the
that can or can not be done you can
include this equipment
using the power of other equipment that
you disassemble in the process the equipment
that is going to be disassembled has to be
unlocked or you have to have the
weapon or armor in your inventory
disassembled equipment must not be
equipped
that is you use other equipment of the
your inventory to upgrade a weapon
or mature you are equipped in the
moment of infusion
weapons must be of the same year and
same blog for example the primaries only
may use primary weapons to
make the secondary infusion only use
secondary and heavy use only
heavy
I can not do the inclusion of a
automatic rifle using a
machine gun for example and the same thing
applies to helmet armor only
with helmet maneuver only as the
new and so on
the equipment must have the same
quality products merge with the
legendary and exotic with exotic
the equipment to be disassembled has
be of a higher level than the water
go
improved infusion and improved
my soul or the mature equipment
that I'm going to dismount must always be
stronger than the equipment I
I want to improve the weapons you have
that can be used to make the
infusion appear here on this screen
automatically and after the
It is carried out the attack or defense
equipment will increase
as you can see in this example where the
attack of this rifle deaf auditors
increases from 280 to 288 you can
repeat this process as many times as you
want as long as you have
equipment for this and that the weapon
has not yet reached its level
maximum that has not yet been revealed
how much will it be since the water
reached this level the infusion will stop
and you will no longer be able to the pope because
the maximum attack or defense was
Reached
the infusion process can be
made with all weapons and armor
legends and exotic species of the second
band hopes that with this at the end of the game
guardians are using a
weapon variety and not only zara
the verdicts as happened in Year 1
So what did you think of the process of
infusion for improved weapons of the year
There are still some doubts
we'll probably see more
some revelations until the day of the
launch the game that will clarify
all
if you found all this so incredible that
I would like to give 2 jewels leave your message
here below the discussion in this video in
your favorites and subscribes to our
channel of people waiting together in the new
10 km expansion and until the next
it was worth billions